Moved the AIDA chatbot feature description (PL-39613) to the early ac… (#2758)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

##### Early access

> - An AI-powered chatbot named Ask AIDA has been integrated to make searches within the Harness Docs. You can access the chatbot by clicking the icon located at the bottom-right corner of the screen. (PL-39613)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use **Ask AIDA**, an AI-powered chatbot, for help with configuration, troubleshooting, or other questions you have while using Harness. Ask AIDA intelligently searches the Harness Developer Hub for relevant documentation. You can access the chatbot through the AIDA icon in the bottom-right corner of the screen. (PL-39613)
```

Author: Thank you, @aimurphy! I'll incorporate your edits when we roll this out.
